Interactive Avatar (#6238)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/avatar/examples.mdx

<LivePreview componentName="avatar" exampleName="Categories" />

## Interactive

Avatar can be made interactive using the `render` prop. Props defined on the JSX element will be merged with props from the Avatar.

### Best practices

- Ensure the Avatar has a meaningful accessible name so screen reader users understand what action will occur.

> 

Author: Discuss size

<LivePreview componentName="avatar" exampleName="Categories" />

## Interactive

Avatar can be made interactive using the `render` prop. Props defined on the JSX element will be merged with props from the Avatar.

Common interactive use cases include:

- Navigating to a user profile page when the avatar is clicked.
- Opening a menu with user-related actions (e.g., ‘Settings’, ‘Log out’).

### Best practices

- Ensure the Avatar has a meaningful accessible name so screen reader users understand what action will occur.

> - Avoid using size modifiers on interactive Avatars to ensure the clickable area is large enough for users to interact with.

Reviewer: as discussed.. not a necessary change, but I'll leave it here incase we do want to edit it. Rewrite to: "Avoid using size modifiers on interactive Avatars, as they can shrink the touch target and make them harder to select accurately."

> - Avoid using size modifiers on interactive Avatars to ensure the clickable area is large enough for users to interact with.

Author: ```suggestion
- Avoid using size modifiers on interactive avatars, as they can shrink the touch target and make them harder to interact with.
```
